Update `PageHeader` guidelines to match Figma component (#2923)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/page-header/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

!!! Dont

> Don’t use more than three badges within the Page Header, instead explore ways to express additional metadata in the `generic` area of the component or move the content to the main page.

Author: Yep, that makes sense to add a period there, thanks for the suggestion!

!!!

## Custom content

> If necessary to include additional metadata, key/value pairs, multiple page-level statuses, or other structured content, custom content can be passed to the component via the `hasGenericInstance` property in Figma, and to the generic contextual component in Ember.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is necessary to include additional metadata, key/value pairs, multiple page-level statuses, or other structured content, this content can be passed to the component via the `hasGenericInstance` property in Figma, and to the generic contextual component in Ember.
```
